1. When I search and open a sefer, it should start in the beginning (optionally a remembered part). It seems to start at a totally random spot in the middle.
2. The font size buttons do not work; neither does setting it in settings. They seem to work only on mefarshim actually. I think it is a good idea to have a seperate control for mefarshim and top leve, but as of now, the top level one does not exist.
3. Setting the language closes settings immediately.
4. Big bug - the header is right in front of the actual text and just runs into it. It is like this:
פרק ד משנה אחייב אדם
It should be like this:
פרק ד
משנה א
חייב אדם...
משנה ב
(This is a separate thing - it should not mention the perek by each one.)
5. There should bw a way to open a new window in a tab (and open whatever sefer you want).
6. Checking off a box or unchecking be meforshim (not ticking - just checking) brings you to the top of the meforshim box.
7. It says - mefarshim you have not ticked wrote here. If it is worth mentioning this at all, it should be a discrete symbol, not words.
8. A small window truncates its controls and is uncloseable.
9. Tabs should be splittable in any way and movable, like we want in ksav.
10. Even without own scroll on, the two are not linked. (I think this should be the default, but it should be linkable.)
11. The latin text in links makes it hard to read. In general, it reads like an AI. Same with the chain.
12. Links does not seem to filter based on the dropdown. I also can't tell what the filters are.
13. Links is based on where you were when you opened it, and does not change.
14. Chain is left-aligned in english (not good)
15. The chain seems to hang, when i clicked halacha and then where it came from. 
16. The sefer search does not match שלחן ערוך to שולחן ערוך.
17. There is on way to open one sefer in two tabs via search, at least.
18. ctrl-enter is supposed to open in the same tab, i think. It does not.
19. In search, it should be more clear what is and is not included. There needs to be an easier way to check everything or uncheck everything, and for that to be clear.
20. In search, you can only addd or subtract a folder, ont a single sefer. That should be changed. There should also be a clear all.
21. there is something wrong with the search. It could not find חייב anywhere in shas. Then. when I expanded to a word contining, it stopped respondin, and still did not find anything. It does find when only some of shas is checked. Maybe it is just hanging. It says 0 found - which can't be, since some were found for parts of shas. Whatever it is, it is not acceptable - and should not happen.
22. When xing out things to search in, the UI started hanging. In general, it is a very unresponsive UI - almost like openoffice. The search is objectively terrible.
23. The guide talks about a search box where you can write טור סימן א. I can't find anything like that.
24. the sentence of what I cannot see is hard to decipher.



